Date: 23/June/07
TB_MesaGold series, created by TheBard
This is a complete overhaul of the TB_mesa series, originaly brought out between 11 & 18 months ago (released them as they where finshed one by one)
Background info.

The whole series still has basicly the same story line, and while the layout of some maps hardly changed at all in the gold version, some got completly reworked from the ground up.
All the maps have been rebiuld from scrach althogh in many cases much comperasion (fliping back and forth in hammer) has been done to keep them the same (layout wise at least).

Right old maps Vs new maps.

tb_mesa1 (now tb_mesaGold)
TB_mesa1 was original going to be a puzzle map! But i changed my mind and turned it into an action map, at first it was a stand alone map, i wan't planing on a whole series, thats why the first one seems a bit out of sink with the rest.
this was fixed in the gold version by throwing out the original map and building a new starting map from scrach.

tb_mesa2
Not much got changed here; the power room got extended, the loading bays bigger, but is still the same map.... apart from the fact its now two maps (ran out of texture & light vis memory...sigh) so a second shorter part got wacked on the end (tb_mesa2bGold)

tb_mesa3
Strangly enough this was the first map in the overhaul, mainly because (with a high number of players) it has overflow problems + quite a few player exploties where found during the first few weeks of play (which didn't help with overflow at all!)
The map stayed the same but part of it did get moved to tb_mesa4Gold, once again due to the engin limitations.

tb_mesa4
Total rework, while the story stayed the same (what you have to do) the map layout got completly rebuilt.

tb_mesa5
Semi rebuild, while parts stayed the same others got expanded + the train got moved to tb_mesa6Gold

tb_mesa6
Nothing like the original, a whole new section was added to the start of this map (the train station & the train sequence).
The station may look familer (reserdent evil the film...hint hint!)
and then theres the tran sequence itself (thanks to textures from the tower series).
the series original ended on 6, but now theres going to be a 7th part

tb_mesa7Gold
while this map hasnt been stared at time of writing this a number of bits have.... with any luck it will all fit!

Now the pointless stuff!
total build time ...er i have no-idea but if i was to hazard a guess it would be between 700 to 800 hours for the original maps + another 1000 for the Gold version (about 2 months solid work so far!!!)